The software (the SOFTWARE PRODUCT) included in the vp1000 subdirectory
of this directory is covered by the following terms:

a.  COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, AND OWNERSHIP.  United States Copyright and
Trademark law and international treaties protect the SOFTWARE  PRODUCT.
YOU acknowledge that title, ownership, and all intellectual property rights,
including all copyright, trade secret, patent and any other proprietary
rights, in and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT
are owned by and remain with TeraRecon, Inc. and its licensors.  YOU further
acknowledge that the structure, organization, code, algorithms and processes
contained in the SOFTWARE PRODUCT are proprietary information and valuable
trade secrets of TERARECON, INC. and its licensors.

b.  NO WARRANTY.  YOU expressly acknowledge and agree that your use of the
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is at your sole risk.  The SOFTWARE PRODUCT and related
documentation are provided "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND.  TERARECON, INC. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT WILL MEEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT WILL BE CORRECTED.  YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE
RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.  TERARECON, INC. FURTHER
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT DOES NOT INFRINGE
UPON ANY THIRD PARTY'S TITLE OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR THAT THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS YEAR 2000 COMPLIANT.  Some states or jurisdictions do not
allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties, so the above
limitations may not apply.  However, should applicable law impose any implied
warranties, such warranties shall be limited in duration to ninety (90) days
from the date of delivery.

c.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT SHALL TERARECON, INC. OR ANY OF ITS
AFFILIATED COMPANIES, BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
Agreement FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF SAVINGS, THE COST OF
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGIES OR OTHERWISE,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER ACTION IN
TORT, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT, EVEN IF A REPRESENTATIVE OF TERARECON, INC. OR ONE OF ITS
AFFILIATED COMPANIES WAS ADVISED OF A POSSIBLE THIRD PARTY DAMAGES' CLAIM OR
ANY OTHER CLAIM AGAINST YOU.  Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages such as incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitations may not apply.

d.  NO ASSIGNMENT, WAIVER, OR MODIFICATION.  This agreement is not assignable
or transferable by YOU without the prior written consent of TERARECON, INC.
and any attempt to do so shall be void.  No failure by TERARECON, INC. to
exercise or delay in exercising any privilege, power or right hereunder will
operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any
right or power hereunder by TERARECON, INC. preclude further exercise of any
other right hereunder.  Any amendments, modifications or waivers of any
privilege, power or right shall be effective only if made in writing and
signed by an authorized representative of TERARECON, INC.

e.  U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  The SOFTWARE PRODUCT, including the
related documentation, is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication,
or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in
subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software
clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the Commercial
Computer Software -- Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as applicable.

f.  EXPORT REGULATIONS.  The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is subject to export or import
regulations of the United States and other countries, including the United
States Export Administration Act and its associated regulations.  YOU agree
to comply strictly with all such laws and regulations.  The SOFTWARE PRODUCT
may not be downloaded, or otherwise exported or re-exported: (i) into, or to a
national or resident of Cuba, Iraq, Iran, North Korea, Libya, Sudan, Syria or
any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (ii) to
anyone identified on the United States Department of Treasury's list of
Specially Designated Foreign Nations or the United States Department of
Commerce's Denied Persons List.

g.  ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  YOU acknowledge that you have read and understand this
Agreement and that this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
YOU and TERARECON, INC., and supersedes all previous representations or
agreements, whether oral or written, including any oral or written statements
made by TERARECON, INC. or TERARECON, INC.'s authorized representatives about
the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
